Basic setup of Website Calender in Remix (#1)
Real-Dev-Squad/website-calendar: README.md

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)

## Development

From your terminal:

```sh
npm run dev
```

This starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

## Deployment

First, build your app for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

Then run the app in production mode:

```sh
npm start
```

> Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy it to.

Reviewer: This sentence seems incomplete to me. How about this ??
```suggestion
Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy the build/code.
```
